README.md, before:

---
<h1 align="center">0x1D. C - Binary trees</h1>

---
## Description Project


## General
Concepts to learn in this project:

- What is a binary tree
- What is the difference between a binary tree and a Binary Search Tree
- What is the possible gain in terms of time complexity compared to linked lists
- What are the depth, the height, the size of a binary tree
- What are the different traversal methods to go through a binary tree
- What is a complete, a full, a perfect, a balanced binary tree

## Task Project
---
File Name|Task Name|Task Description
---|---|---
[0-binary_tree_node.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/0-binary_tree_node.c)|0. New node|Write a function that creates a binary tree node
[1-binary_tree_insert_left.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/1-binary_tree_insert_left.c)|1. Insert left|Write a function that inserts a node as the left-child of another node
[2-binary_tree_insert_right.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/2-binary_tree_insert_right.c)|2. Insert right|Write a function that inserts a node as the right-child of another node
[3-binary_tree_delete.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/3-binary_tree_delete.c)|3. Delete|Write a function that deletes an entire binary tree
[4-binary_tree_is_leaf.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/4-binary_tree_is_leaf.c)|4. Is leaf|Write a function that checks if a node is a leaf
[5-binary_tree_is_root.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/5-binary_tree_is_root.c)|5. Is root|Write a function that checks if a given node is a root
[6-binary_tree_preorder.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/6-binary_tree_preorder.c)|6. Pre-order traversal|Write a function that goes through a binary tree using pre-order traversal
[7-binary_tree_inorder.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/7-binary_tree_inorder.c)|7. In-order traversal|Write a function that goes through a binary tree using in-order traversal
[8-binary_tree_postorder.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/8-binary_tree_postorder.c)|8. Post-order traversal|Write a function that goes through a binary tree using post-order traversal
[9-binary_tree_height.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/9-binary_tree_height.c)|9. Height |Write a function that measures the height of a binary tree
[10-binary_tree_depth.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/10-binary_tree_depth.c)|10. Depth|Write a function that measures the depth of a node in a binary tree
[11-binary_tree_size.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/11-binary_tree_size.c)|11. Size|Write a function that measures the size of a binary tree
[12-binary_tree_leaves.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/12-binary_tree_leaves.c)|12. Leaves|Write a function that counts the leaves in a binary tree
[13-binary_tree_nodes.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/13-binary_tree_nodes.c)|13. Nodes|Write a function that counts the nodes with at least 1 child in a binary tree
[14-binary_tree_balance.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/14-binary_tree_balance.c)|14. Balance factor|Write a function that measures the balance factor of a binary tree


## Author

- Jonatan R. Mazo C. [@JonatanRMC](https://twitter.com/JonatanRMC)
- Juan David Restrepo Z. [@jdrestre](https://twitter.com/jdrestre)

![N|Solid](https://www.holbertonschool.com/holberton-logo.png) ![N|Solid](https://intranet.hbtn.io/assets/holberton-logo-coral-27055cb2f875eb10bf3b3942e52a24581bc0667695bdc856d4f08b469b678000.png)

Commit message:

update info readme with task 15 binary tree is full

README.md, after:

---
<h1 align="center">0x1D. C - Binary trees</h1>

---
## Description Project


## General
Concepts to learn in this project:

- What is a binary tree
- What is the difference between a binary tree and a Binary Search Tree
- What is the possible gain in terms of time complexity compared to linked lists
- What are the depth, the height, the size of a binary tree
- What are the different traversal methods to go through a binary tree
- What is a complete, a full, a perfect, a balanced binary tree

## Task Project
---
File Name|Task Name|Task Description
---|---|---
[0-binary_tree_node.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/0-binary_tree_node.c)|0. New node|Write a function that creates a binary tree node
[1-binary_tree_insert_left.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/1-binary_tree_insert_left.c)|1. Insert left|Write a function that inserts a node as the left-child of another node
[2-binary_tree_insert_right.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/2-binary_tree_insert_right.c)|2. Insert right|Write a function that inserts a node as the right-child of another node
[3-binary_tree_delete.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/3-binary_tree_delete.c)|3. Delete|Write a function that deletes an entire binary tree
[4-binary_tree_is_leaf.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/4-binary_tree_is_leaf.c)|4. Is leaf|Write a function that checks if a node is a leaf
[5-binary_tree_is_root.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/5-binary_tree_is_root.c)|5. Is root|Write a function that checks if a given node is a root
[6-binary_tree_preorder.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/6-binary_tree_preorder.c)|6. Pre-order traversal|Write a function that goes through a binary tree using pre-order traversal
[7-binary_tree_inorder.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/7-binary_tree_inorder.c)|7. In-order traversal|Write a function that goes through a binary tree using in-order traversal
[8-binary_tree_postorder.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/8-binary_tree_postorder.c)|8. Post-order traversal|Write a function that goes through a binary tree using post-order traversal
[9-binary_tree_height.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/9-binary_tree_height.c)|9. Height |Write a function that measures the height of a binary tree
[10-binary_tree_depth.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/10-binary_tree_depth.c)|10. Depth|Write a function that measures the depth of a node in a binary tree
[11-binary_tree_size.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/11-binary_tree_size.c)|11. Size|Write a function that measures the size of a binary tree
[12-binary_tree_leaves.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/12-binary_tree_leaves.c)|12. Leaves|Write a function that counts the leaves in a binary tree
[13-binary_tree_nodes.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/13-binary_tree_nodes.c)|13. Nodes|Write a function that counts the nodes with at least 1 child in a binary tree
[14-binary_tree_balance.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/14-binary_tree_balance.c)|14. Balance factor|Write a function that measures the balance factor of a binary tree
[15-binary_tree_is_full.c](https://github.com/MAZTRO/binary_trees/blob/master/15-binary_tree_is_full.c)|15. Is full|Write a function that checks if a binary tree is full



## Author

- Jonatan R. Mazo C. [@JonatanRMC](https://twitter.com/JonatanRMC)
- Juan David Restrepo Z. [@jdrestre](https://twitter.com/jdrestre)

![N|Solid](https://www.holbertonschool.com/holberton-logo.png) ![N|Solid](https://intranet.hbtn.io/assets/holberton-logo-coral-27055cb2f875eb10bf3b3942e52a24581bc0667695bdc856d4f08b469b678000.png)
